✏️ Fix grammar, typos, and broken links in docs (#15694)
fastapi/fastapi: docs/en/docs/release-notes.md

Most of these settings are now supported in `APIRouter`, which normally lives closer to the related code, so it is recommended to use `APIRouter` when possible.

> But `include_router` is still useful to, for example, add options (like `dependencies`, `prefix`, and `tags`) when including a third party router, or a generic router that is shared between several projects.

Author: Or

```suggestion
But `include_router` is still useful for, for example, adding options (like `dependencies`, `prefix`, and `tags`) when including a third party router, or a generic router that is shared between several projects.
```

* Fix typo in docs for query parameters. PR [#1832](https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi/pull/1832) by [@ycd](https://github.com/ycd).
* Add docs about [Async Tests](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/advanced/async-tests/). PR [#1619](https://github.com/tiangolo/fastapi/pull/1619) by [@empicano](https://github.com/empicano).
* Raise an exception when using form data (`Form`, `File`) without having `python-multipart` installed.

>     * Up to now the application would run, and raise an exception only when receiving a request with form data, the new behavior, raising early, will prevent deploying applications with broken dependencies.

Author: Or
```suggestion
    * Up to now the application would run, and raise an exception only when receiving a request with form data, the new behavior, raising early, will prevent the developer from deploying applications with broken dependencies.
```
